Date: 12.Aug.2022
Present: @coati, @MrGandalfAndhi, @stefnotch, @sueszli, @The Eternal Kraut, @Zwick

What we talked about:
- Short recap of our motivation for this project
- Whether we should fork, use pull requests with individual branches or mash everything into the master branch
- Whether we should use tailwind

What we did:
- admire @stefnotch
- fix some bugs and docs
- go through the mockup
- go through the tech stack (and explain supabase in depth)
